Greetings, Quang Quan.
Dear
viewers, following the instructions and
initiative of our Venerable Thich Chuc Thai Minh
during the 2020 Ba Vang Buddhist festival,
today,
under the guidance of our leader, Ms. Pham
Thi Yen, the Ba Vang Buddhist followers have made a trip to
Central Vietnam. With hearts full of gratitude and appreciation
for the Heroic Vietnamese Mothers, the
group is now in Dien
Ban town, Quang Nam province, to
visit a Heroic Vietnamese Mother in
our area. As
you can see, the weather
here shows signs of
Typhoon No. 12 making landfall, with
very heavy rain.
However, with the spirit of the
Ba Vang Buddhist followers, the group has
arrived at the home of the Heroic Vietnamese Mother.
Now, Do Duong and Quang
Quan are here. Please
enjoy the images below.
We are Buddhist followers of Ba Vang Pagoda, Mother,
have you heard?  Have you ever heard of Ba Vang Pagoda?
Today, we were taken by the Women's Association of
Quang Nam Province to visit you,
and I learned that you are the wife of a martyr,
meaning your husband was a martyr and you are the mother of another
martyr. So, can you tell
us about your husband and introduce us to your husband and
uncles? My husband's name is
Le Quan
Phung, my name is Le Quan Phung. We're worried about the
house and the fish, but we're afraid of everything, and then we're worried about going to
the temple and bringing the fish up. So,
how was your husband born, Mom?
How was your husband born, and how did your uncles die? My
husband and I are in Nam Sa, and we suffered so much, we were scared, and then we were
caught in a bunker and killed
immediately. That means he was a revolutionary activist,
he was exposed and caught in a bunker, and then he was
killed immediately at home. He was
brought out and made to suffer, the
children were three months old, and some were a few years old. The children are all born now.
The house is in ruins.  From then until now,
opening the door, the house
upstairs, the house upstairs, the house upstairs, the
house upstairs, the
house upstairs, the house upstairs, the house upstairs, the house upstairs, the house upstairs, the house upstairs, for forty-something thousand,
then forty-something million, then it's all for nothing, that is, the house, the
house of
this house, this house is called the house of gratitude
of the government, the
house of gratitude, and we, your children, are here today, heading towards Central Vietnam during the storm and flood. So, during the storm and flood, was our house flooded, Mom? Not yet, Mom's house wasn't
flooded. Yes, we came here to share, Mom, the
wife, the wife of the
heroic soldier, the mother of the martyr, and
we are very grateful for your sacrifice. And
truly, when we witnessed the scene
of our husband
being killed right at the mouth of the tunnel, and
yet you let another child go, you
witnessed the scene of losing your husband, it was
so heartbreaking, yet you still
sacrificed another child. Surely at that time you
knew that your child couldn't be any different from your
husband. So, you must
know that your patriotic heart is very
great, your sacrifice for the country is very great, your
yearning for independence and freedom.  Because
we are from your generation, we are
very grateful, and today we
are also your children. Yes, we have come to
visit, and we have a
small gift, but this is our heartfelt gratitude,
Mother. Our hearts are always
grateful to you, always
grateful to the heroic Vietnamese mothers,
because without you,
we would not enjoy the happiness of
independence and freedom today, Mother.
Without people like you, without people who
dared to dedicate their blood and flesh to this country, without people who dedicated
their very being to this country, we would
not be enjoying this today. We
thank you very
much, Mother. We will sing a song for you.
Yes, Mother. We would like to share with you a song, a song
about Vietnamese mothers.
Yes
[music].
Yes, a song about Vietnamese mothers, a song about heroic
mothers, mothers who sacrificed their lives
amidst hardship for the country.
Looking at your hair, Mother, and your eyes,
like a dream, is so meaningful. Waiting and longing...
Each child left and never
returned, yet mother still sings to her children night after night.
Mother, you
have a thousand children, you have the whole
country, you have children who will
never
return, yet you still sing the same song. Yes, I will
sing again from the beginning. (Interface error)
I sing about Vietnamese mothers, about
heroic mothers, to offer them to the nation. Mother, you
lived amidst hardship for the
country, sacrificing your whole
life. Looking at your mother's graying hair and
your dreamy eyes, I know the longing, the worn lips of
each child who left and never returned.
Only the song lulls me to sleep in the cradle, only the song of your
life, may you remain
forever young. Mother, you listen to all the bitterness, the
love for the country, you fly, searching for the form of
your children, the form of
fresh green saplings. Now, the sweet dew, the
worries night after night. Searching for the waterfalls every night,
mother's heart
sings with her children, singing
about Vietnamese mothers, singing
about
heroic mothers, to offer them to the nation. Mother, you lived amidst hardship for the
country, sacrificing your whole
life. Mother, you have a thousand children, you have...
Mother, you are forever with your children on this
long journey through mountains and rivers. Today, we are grateful to our kind mother, for all her
love has faded away as we build our homeland, as the
doctor and I have always hoped for, to make
Vietnam glorious and radiant.
Mother, you have thousands of children, you have the whole
country. Connecting the long days and
months, and
today we rush into your heart,
Mother. [Music] connects the deep, painful days and months, and today we rush into your heart. Mother sings to us beside the cradle, Mother tells
stories of the past. Mother is beautiful
forever,
Mother sings with us,
full of love for our country. Mother, heroic Vietnam,
we are proud to have you, Mother, heroic Vietnam, full of love for our country.
Mother, heroic
Vietnam, we are proud to have you,
Mother, heroic Vietnam,
we are proud to have you, Mother, heroic Vietnam. We wish you good health, we wish you a
long life. Today
we have just a small gift, we are very
grateful, the gift is very little, we
only
have medicine.  Milk and we have 5
million to give to Mom. This is just a token of our
affection, Mom, material things are too
little, please accept it. This is
our heartfelt gift,
and
we also want to offer incense to Uncle Ho who
sacrificed himself. Is there incense for him, Mom? Yes,
Mom, that's fine.
Respectfully, to the ladies representing the
women of Quang Nam province, as well as the ladies
representing the Women's Association of Dien
Ban town, and to all the
Buddhist followers of Dien Ban Pagoda, we received
information that today the delegation will
visit Heroic Vietnamese Mother Nguyen Thi
Than of Dien Tho commune. The association has already
informed the family. However, due to
work commitments, the
son of the mother is not here
today to attend with the delegation. I,
as a representative of the Women's Association of Dien
Tho commune, would like to express our sincere gratitude on behalf of the family
for the
precious feelings the delegation has shown to Heroic
Vietnamese Mother Nguyen Thi Than.
What more? On behalf of the
family, I would like to wish all of you good
health, happiness, and continued success in
your charitable journey.
It's not surprising, so
I didn't go, I didn't ask for anything.
Now I'm also waiting for the family's support.
I also ask for the
support of the government. And
Mom, how old are you this year?
years old this year. I wish you to live to over 150 years old. There's no
more fruit. But the navel is okay, but it's bad because
the bone is broken.
Now I can't walk. Mom can walk.
I'm using a cane, but I can't walk up and
down. I'm afraid of falling.
Everyone come here to take a picture with Mom. Just sit here. Mom doesn't have to go anymore. Come on, everyone stand over here
so Mom can walk.
Mom is using a cane. Mom, use your cane and come here with us. Up, up ...
Yes, Mom, please sit here. Mom, sit
here, turn around and sit. Slowly, okay? Then,
quickly, okay?
Here, here, this girl, sit here.
1 2 3 1
2 3 Mom, smile more, smile, smile!
1 2 3 Slowly, okay? 1 2 3
Slowly, Mom, I want
another style, Mom, smile brighter, smile,
smile! Yes, okay, okay? Huong, come
up, Huong,
Mom, stay here, we'll go up and
play.
I, I, say
hello Mom, hello Mom,
cook rice, cook rice!
Mom said it's too sad, I wrote too quickly,
otherwise she would cook rice for us ourselves.
[Applause] Haha, so sad, so sad, she
said she wouldn't let us.
Thank you,
Nam, we're
going home.
Wishing you well. Yes, ladies and gentlemen,
we have just followed the
visit of the delegation to Mrs. Nguyen Thi Than
in Chau Thuy village, Dien Tho commune, Dien
Ban district, Quang Nam province. Through
this visit, we have heard the
mother's sharing about the
painful losses and suffering of her husband.  Mothers have
endured hardships in the war against
foreign invaders and
suppressed their own personal happiness for the
independence and freedom of the nation. Ms. Pham Thi
Yen, representing the delegation, sent words of
encouragement and best wishes to the mothers, as well as to
our Venerable Thich Chuc Thai Minh. He said, "Don't just teach us
that the heroes sacrificed themselves to protect the
country so that we can
live, study, and work in
peace and happiness today. The Venerable hopes that the young
people will uphold the tradition of patriotism, peace, and gratitude,
and
make the seeds of gratitude grow
stronger. The great sacrifices that
Vietnamese mothers have made for
our country are truly immeasurable; even the word 'great'
cannot fully describe that gratitude. We will
never forget it."
And today, with the help
and support of the local government, the
Buddhist delegation from Ba Vang Pagoda
has come to
visit the heroic Vietnamese mothers,
and especially the young people in the delegation
have had very special feelings.  We were honored to
visit and
express our gratitude to the mothers, and we
wish them good
health and long lives so that
future generations like us can
cultivate more gratitude. The
charity program will
continue in the future, so
please stay tuned. And
now, goodbye and see you again! (
The rain keeps coming, I ca
n't browse my phone. It's raining,
nothing's working on my phone.
)